what's going on with my people today I came to talk
about the movie cutis in Spanish
called huapi
the original title in French would be
missions but you're going to forgive me because you already
know that my pronunciation in
Spanish is bad even more so in French or
in English not like always but
anyway I came to talk about the movie ok and all the controversy that revolves around it and I'll give you my opinion I've been seeing a lot of reviews there are a lot of things and well I partially agree with some reviews but I think there are some points missing in others so I'm going to
give you mine and see what you think to
put it in context in case someone
who has lived in
Wonderland in recent weeks
has upset us with the controversy the networks have
been burning canceling Netflix in
the last two weeks since
the trailer for this movie was announced not
only the trailer itself but
also the photo that had been chosen the
poster that had been chosen on Netflix to
promote the movie and the synopsis
was pretty screwed up
the original movie was sold with a
poster in the  that we saw the girls
protagonists of the film well
having fun being treated like
girls who are
11 years old but the poster that they had
chosen on Netflix to announce the era
the girls dressed very provocatively very
sexualized and with a posture that well
could be suitable for Beyoncé or
Christina Aguilera but not for
11 year old girls a poster with some
lines of 11 years old very sitting in the
signs and Dante that will change it said the
following to me she is 11 years old and she wants to
belong to a group of girls her
age who dance sense mind so she
begins to explore femininity and
challenge her religious family after
all the commotion and the whole
trend canceling Netflix Netflix
apologized and changed the synopsis to
rally 11 year old and she is amazed by a
dance group of girls to join
her she begins to explore her femininity
challenging the traditions of her family
basically what changes is that they fire her
or the dances that I don't know why she does
n't apologize for this and  change this
as if this will solve the thing when
in reality the content of the movie
so they are girls dancing sensually what
I'm saying is very strong but
the movie is literally that
11 year old girls dancing be mind and
when I say dancing sensually
excellent or rather it's not like well dance
moving the hips moving reggaeton
or when I say sexually they are girls
running some positions that they don't have to take
passing their hand in places
where they shouldn't pass them
putting their finger in their mouth doing
tuer making movements with their hand
up and down very strong very
strong it makes me laugh a lot because of
Pfizer sorry with this it's as it comes it's already
changed the sign continues to
change the poster and as if the movie
was another but the content of the
movie is still there a large part of
the criticism of the movie from the
moment it was announced without it being
necessary to see them because already in the trailer it
pointed ways okay already in the trailer
we saw positions that were not normal in
lines of 11 years okay if we put our
finger in our mouth on our lip and there are
One thing that must be
very clear, I think it should
even be penalized and that is that minors
cannot go hand in hand with sixth grade, never, not even
for a criticism or for anything, as I'm
saying, a large part of the people
were getting into it with the director, not as
if all the blame was on the director
and another part of the people
blamed Netflix, the director received
death threats, she had to leave
the networks I want to think because then the
message,
the criticism that the film makes, I want to
think that the director did not have
bad intentions with this film and that she
simply did not know how to execute it,
okay because it was executed terribly and on
Netflix's part, well, on Neri's part,
the fact of having put up that poster, I do
n't think it was a coincidence or a
mistake. I think that these big companies
that are so well advised and have
so many marketing campaigns and so many
things behind them, okay because we have to
remember that for this to be
published, everything, that is, the film,
the poster, and the trailer go through
many hands and I wouldn't call it a
mistake, I think that these companies do not
take stitches without thread and when they have done
the campaign as they have done,  been
to generate what they have generated yes it
is true that part of the blame would go
to the director because they are scenes that
appear in the film because the
director has directed them like that and the
poster that is put in the flick is not a
scene, in other words it is not a frame of the
film as such it is a photo it is not a
3D recreation or anything no it is not a photo
that they have taken of the girls who are
real girls they have taken some
real girls and they have told them you have to pose
like this for this photo there are many people who
say that we have been
too scandalized that we have not understood that the
film itself is a criticism of
certain aspects of life that are
really happening and they compare it with
other scenes from other films such as
when in some film
a child has appeared smoking with many
people for example the film
City of God which is a film where we
see children in a favela totally
marginalized and they are children who kill,
sell drugs and we see them with weapons and
doing bad things it is not the same at
all even if we are seeing
corrupt minors those scenes of a child with
a gun or those scenes of children
smoking cannot be downloaded by some
pedophiles and use it for their bus to
please themselves as much as the film
wants to qualify which I understand that it is
intended by the film itself with
the scenes it has with the
unnecessary shots it has which is that it seems
that when they have been recording it they
lick their lips in those shots it is a [ __ ] gift
for pep the most careful I am not saying that
the film is an apology for p2 as
many people say because in fact the
critics either as I have read in some
articles no that they say they try to
emphasize with pedophiles because that is not either
in fact after seeing the
film it ends up still having disgusting slogans
but the film is a gift for
gloss the film has scenes that
in my humble opinion from my
humble point of view pink in the
childish spelling not literally but it has
very sexual scenes it has very
sexual scenes it has very strong shots of the girls
and also very close shots of
their parts with clothes that mark
parts of the body of the lines that
girls should not mark
passing their hands in places where they
should not be passing them being 11
years old the final dance scene is
really disturbing or really
unnecessary if you haven't seen the movie
because it could be an idea I don't know if you
remember 'The Martian Chronicles' when
Susana Reche or Chiqui Martí appeared and they were
dancing on the bar, something like that,
four or five girls for years
doing that with very close shots
doing you, he, there is a scene that I don't
understand the purpose of that scene at all
and it is that when they catch the girl
dressing provocatively and doing the
things that she is doing around the neighborhood, her
mother and aunt who are from a religion,
well, a very closed religion, they
start to perform the exorcism on her, not to
bring out the bad in her and you are doing
the exorcism on me there is a plan
going around the girl
focusing closely on her, the girl in her
underwear making moans and making
some movements that I don't understand that
scene, I don't understand the purpose
of that scene at all, I tell you these
scenes have been recorded with real girls they are
scenes that the pupils are going to
use these ID cards to see but
the context of the film doesn't matter the
scenes themselves are hair and
I hope I'm wrong but I think
this can mark her  For life I hope
I'm wrong the girls who have acted
in that film because there are images of
her that are so explicit and she's going to see them
forever I just don't understand how it
can be legal to record this with
real girls because I repeat it's not the same the
children who appear in the film
maybe smoking with a gun killing or
stealing is not the same as what I have done at
all there is no point of comparison a
pedophile cannot take the children from
the film City of God and do
shady things with them this should be
punishable I don't understand how this has passed
a ton of filters to be a
public film on a platform on the
largest streaming platform in the world
on Netflix I don't understand how it
's legal I do
n't understand how the hell it's not punishable and
an investigation isn't opened against the
person who taught the girls to
do that for acting they have
recorded them they have taken those shots and they
are distributing them I don't know if they
are coming to understand the seriousness
of the matter it is no longer the film it's that
while those girls were recording
that scene with those cameras running
those shots  with those girls dressed like that
dancing like that moving like that there were a
lot of adults around then the
thing is that the movie itself what is
the script the messages that it has the
criticism in itself is not bad and the first
hour of the movie is in good condition it
even has a good
image quality it has good photography the
movie removing the shots that
obviously we are referring to even has
a good quality of editing I don't know it's that
I believed that it was an
indie movie with a very low budget like Luiz the
whole thing and it is very good it is very well
shot at the beginning the group of girls don't
dance their mind what happens is that the
girl gets her hands on a cell phone
they start to argue about the like with another
group of girls and of course the children are
children they start looking for things and when they
discover how there are
people who are of legal age then they
start to imitate the behavior of
older people and I say this at the beginning they don't
dance cesc mind they are even
funny dancing I can even let the
condom thing pass, it doesn't speak a scene that
many people have criticized where a
girl finds herself when she starts to
inflate it because she believes that a balloon when she
sees it pink in the end it is  the
innocence of children is what it shows
and not that there is something that does not
know what it is and there are people who are
criticizing them like a girl with a condom
already group it is not that that is not the worst thing about
the film that we can even
interpret it as making reference to
the innocence that really exists but the
truth is that they have recorded some
shots there are shots and scenes that are
whatever they are totally unnecessary it is
that from my point of view I cannot
understand how it could have been legal to
record something like that is what I have done it is something that
I also the most sacred thing this
is super condemned for me it does not enter
my head I think that part of the magic
of cinema is that it knows how to tell us something
interpret something without us seeing it
explicitly then and you will know
this film I will put it as an
example no in reality you were never
here this film is about a man
who wants to rescue
from a network of prostitution of minors
from here we see how this man
breaks into a brothel of minors okay he
goes entering the rooms taking out the
pedophiles with hammers and
the children come out  facts of the
rooms not done is a way of
interpreting something that we can
understand what is happening but we do not
see it explicitly and it is no longer about
not seeing it explicitly because of
discomfort or whatever because there are
many people who are saying that
the film's intention is to make you
feel uncomfortable watching it no
but that is why I think it should
be totally punishable and I will
repeat it a lot of times to be able to take
minors and record those scenes and that
those scenes exist is that those scenes cannot
exist no matter how much they want to
make us see the reality that restores us
that impacts us is that those scenes
should not exist and be available to
anyone on a platform like
Netflix I think it is clearer than water and it
is a shame because then the script is
more or less good it is a film that
could have been very good with some
very good messages it is a criticism of
religion we even see how those
of the religion as if they
are not in agreement with their religion itself
they do it rather out of tradition
obligation to the family because they are not
happy with those traditions the difficult
transition from childhood to adolescence to be
accepted in a new  environment when
a child changes neighborhood, school,
whatever, and above all, one thing that I have been
criticizing on this channel for years and
that for me is very important to get into
the parents' heads and that is the fact of
mixing minors with
social networks and not only the fact of
exposing it and the danger that this has
but also the contact of minors
with the internet and that they can consume
any type of content without control,
okay, we have to have control
even if we
sometimes put content from YouTube or
wherever for our children, but we have to know what they are
watching because in the end they end up watching
things that they have nothing to do with things that they
want to imitate and things that can
disturb the innocence that
children have to have until adolescence and
that is the person's fault, the fault,
like saying, well, the movie would be
good but it has this fault, no, no, it
is a totally unforgivable fault, it is
that the movie should not have come out
only because of this, because of the issue of the
scenes that they record, it cancels the
movie,
everything else, everything good that
the movie may have, it does not matter, it does not matter, the
movie should not have come to
light, that is why it is not a  failure like we
can pass in a well plan is that the
film is very good but it has this
fault no no no it is like a fault that we
say well well a fault no nana no
the film totally unjustifiable and
canceled that is why I flip it out it
should be illegal it is that this has gone through
many hands this film itself has
gone through many hands okay this
film has gone through many
approvals and there are a lot of
adults who have taken it and said okay okay go
ahead we publish it without
any kind of censorship you cannot take and
criticize the sexualization of minors
sexualizing minors is that you have taken
real girls warned them like that you
have taught them to do those movements and
today all over the world those
images are distributed those shots
that are a gift for but there are people
saying well that what is shown is
a reality in itself and allow me to
doubt it I am not saying that it is not real that in
many third world countries or in
many countries I do not know that there are
bad countries things are done to minors that
should not be done and so on not even
normal
because the film was shot in
France  and I don't think it's very normal that at an
open-air festival in a neighborhood they approve this. I've seen
neighborhood parties where
girls maybe 13 or 14 years old wanted to perform and they
played reggaeton songs without having a
[ __ ] clue about the lyrics, just to
dance to the rhythm that's in fashion. They had
played reggaeton songs and the
moment they hit play on the tape they took it
away and said, "You can't perform
with this song, come tomorrow with another one." And
like with this movie, the moment
the lines come out on stage and you
start doing those movements in
France it doesn't cut it. Look, it's even
curious to call it in some way the
end of the movie which is a bit
fanciful. I'm not going to say what the
ending is so as not to spoil it in
case someone is going to see it but basically it
's an ending that is interpreted in a
way that doesn't want to tell the parents what
the ending is, it would
n't be the real ending, okay, this
would be the ending, good, that it would have a
fanciful ending that everything will end well
but in real life things can
end very badly if they wanted to denounce
these  things and make us see them I
think it would have been best if the
documentary had achieved the same
effect of indignation in the parents.
Yes, I imagine that
after seeing this film,
parents, of course, if they weren't
aware before, then now they will
repudiate this and will do everything
possible to prevent this
type of situation from happening with their minors.
I haven't repeated it like a million times
on the channel but in case it wasn't
clear I'm going to repeat it again. Hayes needs
to get children out on
social networks. Let's stop mixing the internet
with children. If you want Facebook and
think that Instagram and wanted to be
influencers, make it a CD with
balls. Let's let children play in the park and
do children's things. Okay, gentlemen, that's
my opinion of this film. Okay, it
's a shame because maybe they
had good intentions and it could have been
executed in another way, but with
what they've done, sincerely, in my
humble opinion, this film should not have
seen the light of day, not even at the
festival. See you in the next video.